 Machine Learning Data Analytics Object-Oriented Programming C Python CPP Android Studio DBMS Deep Learning  On going Project- Self Learning Car (Evolutionary Machine Learning Model) in virtual environment Prof Preksha Pareek    Machine Learning p.js Deep Learning This project deals with the simulation results of an autonomous car learning to drive in a simplified environment containing only lane markings and static obstacles. Learning is performed using the Deep Q Network. Automatic detection in dysarthric speech using deep belief networks    Machine Learning Deep Learning  Dysarthria is a neural disorder which causes slurred speech. We have achieved at an accuracy of % in detecting if the patient is suffering through the disorder using TORGO dataset. We reduced the training time to apprx  mins after applying various preprocessing techniques. Text Summarize & keyword extraction Prof Meenaxi Tank   Machine Learning Android Studio API Python  Extractive Text Summarization integrating into android application using API to generate a summary of an article in - lines and extract information like author, keywords alongwith. Use of various data cleaning and text pre-processing methods, and text rank algorithm. Voice Activity Detection Prof Sapan H Mankad   Python Machine Learning  Statistical-based noise removal method is applied in order to separate signal from stationary noise using various features which is further extended as speaker diarization system. Data of Waste water from water Retaining Structures (SIH ) Prof Ankit Thakkar   Android Development chart.js Node.js Web Development Databases  Grand Finalist of Smart India Hackathon, by MHRD, Govt of India () where the finals were held in Chennai where only  teams were selected from + under the project defination. Indoor Air Quality measurement system (iQuality) Prof Sapan H Mankad   Arduino UNO C Android Studio PhpMyAdmin Databases S An indoor Air Quality Monitoring System for detecting the levels of carbondioxide which also raises an alarm when the measure is above permissible limits. Arduino and android application is used. 